== README

This is a test exercise for iCasei - O melhor Site de Casamento do Brasil.

Icasei exercise - 2016.

===TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION

This application was developed using:
- Ruby on rails 2.1.6 (32bits).
- Development Kit 2.0 and above.
- Windows 7 Ultimate.

===INSTALLATION GUIDE

To run this application locally please follow the steps bellow:

Step 1 - Download the file http://dl.bintray.com/oneclick/rubyinstaller/rubyinstaller-2.1.6.exe to you computer.

Step 2 - Download the file http://dl.bintray.com/oneclick/rubyinstaller/DevKit-mingw64-32-4.7.2-20130224-1151-sfx.exe to you computer.

Step 3 - Execute the file rubyinstaller-2.1.6.exe and follow the guide in the installation menu, keeping the default configuration.

Step 4 - Execute the file DevKit-mingw64-32-4.7.2-20130224-1151-sfx.exe.

	Step 4.1 - The file must be extracted into the same folder where the rubyinstaller was installed, if the default installation folder was maintained, 
			   create a new folder "devkit" in the C:\\Ruby21 directory. If the source folder was changed extract the file into a new devkit folder where 
			   ruby was previously installed.

Step 5 - Download the file https://github.com/BrunoLeal215/Icasei/archive/master.zip into the C:\\Ruby21 directory.

	Step 5.1 - Extract the file in the same folder. A new folder called Icasei-master should appear in the same directory.

	Step 5.2 - Rename the folder to Icasei.

===CONFIGURATION GUIDE

Step 1 - Go to the C:\\Ruby21\\devkit directory and holding shift, right click on a empty space in the folder and select "open prompt command window here".

Step 2 - On the prompt command window type: ruby dk.rb init and press enter, wait for it to finish.

Step 3 - Type: ruby dk.rb install, wait for it to finish processing.

Step 4 - Go to the C:\\Ruby21\\Icasei directory and holding shift, right click on a empty space in the folder and select "open prompt command window here".

Step 5 - On the prompt command window type: gem install bundler -v 1.9, wait for it to finish processing.

Step 6 - Type: bundle install, wait for it to finish processing, it takes a little longer than the other ones.

Step 7 - Type: rake db:migrate, wait for it to finish creating the database.

Step 8 - Type: rails server

Step 9 - Go to the browser and type localhost:3000, the page should open normally.

===TEST GUIDE

Test 1 - Click on each link on the page to check if everything is openning correctly.

Test 2 - Click on the "rastrear" link and check if the items in the list tracked your actions so far.

Test 3 - Include new client to the database, click on "Contato" or "Cadastrar novo cliente" on the home page, to open the client's page.

	Test 3.1 - Fill the form and click "Salvar".

	Test 3.2 - Check if the information in the table below are correct.

	Test 3.3 - Click on "Detalhes" to test the details page.
